# Multiplicity of Visualization and Reporting Strategies Impact on the Results Interpretation
In order to take a closer look at multiplicity within individual papers due to the replication crisis in science, it was considered here how many different possibilities there are to represent a graph. This was done in the context of a Master's thesis at the LMU (Ludwig-Maximilians Universität in Munich, Germany) at the Institute for Statistics. This repository was created for public access to all data.  

In order to tackle multiplicity with a suitable example, the freely accessible paper "Large-scale benchmark study of survival prediction methods using multi-omics data" (https://doi.org/10.1093/bib/bbaa167) was used, the public data can be found here https://github.com/HerrMo/multi-omics_benchmark_study.


It has been subdivided here into the folders Multiple Figures, where here are the individual replicated graphics for the first and second graphics from the Herrmann Paper. These were subdivided according to types - such as comparison, multiple distributions or deviation. In the R Code folder there are two folders, one for the creation of graphics, one for the evaluation of graphics. The creation of graphs was again subdivided into Herrmann's first and second graphs. The evaluation of graphs contains the individual evaluations of all the graphs I recreated for the first graph and the second graph. Furthermore, a reappraisal and analysis of the graphics is also included here. All temporarily stored data can still be looked up here in the further subfolder "Data".
